update doc of KEP-2799 (#37483)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

This annotation records the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="uid" text="unique ID" >}} of the
ServiceAccount that the token (stored in the Secret of type `kubernetes.io/service-account-token`) represents.

### kubernetes.io/legacy-token-last-used

Example: `kubernetes.io/legacy-token-last-used: 2022-10-24`

Used on: Secret

This label records the date in UTC of last usage of service account token that 

> is stored in the Secret of type `kubernetes.io/service-account-token`.

Reviewer: it's a label, KEP needs update

> is stored in the Secret of type `kubernetes.io/service-account-token`.

Reviewer 2: OK, cool. It would be nice to get the KEP updated...

> This label records the date in UTC of last usage of service account token that 
> is stored in the Secret of type `kubernetes.io/service-account-token`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The control plane only adds this label for Secrets that have the type `kubernetes.io/service-account-token`.
The value of this label records the date (ISO 8601 format, UTC time zone) when the control plane last saw
a request where the client authenticated using that the service account token.

If a legacy token was last used before the cluster gained the feature (added in Kubernetes v1.26), then
the label isn't set.
```

This annotation records the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="uid" text="unique ID" >}} of the
ServiceAccount that the token (stored in the Secret of type `kubernetes.io/service-account-token`) represents.

### kubernetes.io/legacy-token-last-used

Example: `kubernetes.io/legacy-token-last-used: 2022-10-24`

Used on: Secret

> 

Reviewer: @sftim  should this note the feature state or the feature-gate required to be enabled for this to be set?

Reviewer 2: It's a nice to have, sure. We can merge this change without that detail.
